1.1-1 A sorting or convext hull example
A:Sorting: sort by a deck of card; SQL order by; Sort by price in Amazon;
Convex hull: We can model and estimate an animal's home range based on points where the animal 
has been observed (From Wikipedia).

1.1-2 Other than speed, what other measures of efficiency might one use in a real-world setting?
A: Storage; bandwidth;

1.1-3 Discuss a DS's strength and limitation
A: For dictionary, it's good at find a value given a key (O(1). 
Its limitations are that it requires a good design of hash function, which may require the user to have
a good understanding of the characteristics of the data, to resolve the issue of data collision (hashed 
to the same bucket).

1.1-4 How are the shortest-path and the TSP similar and different?
A: They are similar in the sense that they are both about finding a path, and hence they both require building
a good model of routes.
SP problems are about from A to B,the path is hence like a line or a sequence of lines.
TSP are about from A to a various places, then back to A. The various places can be visited in any order.
It hence forms a closed-loop.

1.1-5 Come up with a real-world problem that only the best solution will do. Another example that an approximiately
best solution is good enough.
A: We want the best solution for sorting (O(nlogn). Other solutions will be too slow when there's lots of data. An example
is in SQL order by query. The user wants the correct result in the shortest time possible. 
Most of times we can accept approximate solution for shortest path. For example, for route planning by Google Map, 
there could be multiple routes and they can be good under different critieria(time, cost, etc.). A user will be happy 
with an approximiate but fast algorithm.
